The script monitors the six digital inputs at intervals of 250 ms, records the measurement data if one of the levels at the inputs 
changes and transfers these to the cloud server. In addition to the digital inputs, there are two digital outputs for which the 
setpoints can be configured. Even modifying these setpoints will result in the measurement data being recorded and transferred. In 
addition to the levels at the six digital inputs, the current setpoints for both of the digital outputs and the battery voltage, USB 
charging voltage, temperature and GSM signal strength are recorded. The digital inputs and digital outputs can be deactivated 
individually via the configuration. Measurement values for deactivated inputs/outputs are set to "NaN" in the measurement data record. 
The connection type can also be configured. If the "online" connection type is selected, the measurement data is transmitted to the 
server as soon as the measurement data is created. When using one of the two other connection types ("Interval" or "Wakeup"), a 
connection establishment is triggered once the measurement data record is created so that the data can subsequently be transmitted to 
the server. In addition to the event-triggered connection establishment (level change at digital input or new setpoint for the digital
 output), an interval for transferring the measurement data can be configured. The measurement data is also recorded immediately before
 this interval expires regardless of whether one of the levels at the inputs has changed. The current operating state is indicated by 
the RGB-LED. The LED lights up blue if there is an existing connection with the cloud server. The LED flickers blue while the 
connection is being established. If the last connection attempt failed, the LED flashes red until the next attempt to establish a 
connection. However, if the last connection was established successfully and the module is waiting for the next contact with the server
 (e.g. during "Interval" connection mode), then the LED is switched off. A connection to the server is either triggered automatically 
by the device following expiry of the transmission interval, receipt of a wakeup SMS, a level change at the digital input, the setpoint
 for the digital output being set, or manually by pressing the button. The measurement data is also recorded when the button is pressed. 

Please note: 
Digital inputs 5 and 6 were implemented via the universal inputs. The energy consumption increases with each universal input that is initialised. For applications where the energy consumption is taken into consideration, these two inputs should not be used or should be deactivated, if possible.